(The 3rd Year of King Gojong’s Reign.)
(In Joseon, when conflicts between reformists)
(and conservatives are soaring high,)
(members of the reformists, who supported)
(King Gojong’s Open Door Policy, are being)
(shot one by one by a mysterious gunman...)
He’ll definitely turn up.
We’ll catch him tonight no matter what.
Remember this.
He’s a gunman.
He operates a new style of gun
from the West.
Remember.
If you have courage, you can catch him.
Sir.
I found out where they’re gathering.
Let’s go.
‘Let’s close the door and protect Joseon.’
Don’t let that phrase fool you.
What they’re protecting is neither the spirit
nor the tradition of Joseon.
You, go to the front. You, go inside.
Yes, sir!
What they really want is to keep their power
that they’ve enjoyed for generations,
and the wealth that they took
from the commoners.
Aye! Aye!
Opening the door is our only option.
Look how strong Japan has gotten.
Look how weak Joseon has gotten.
Joseon has to open its doors now.
We need to join the new world.
- Aye! / - Aye!
This is a critical time for Joseon.
Depending on how we prepare
for the new world,
the future of Joseon will be decided.
Opening the door will involve hardships,
but we have to overcome them,
no matter what.
Somebody’s got to start,
and we can be those people.
Let’s build a new Joseon.
Joseon has to go forward...
It’s a gun!
Master! Master Hyeonam!
Master! Master!
You can’t die now, sir!
- Master! / - Master!
Sir! Sir!
Sir!
Are you okay?
(Episode 1)
We’ve lost three people in the past month.
(King Gojong) Songha, Jeolgang, and recently Hyeonam.
They were the scholars I wanted to hire.
I needed them for the enlightenment
and reformation of Joseon.
What are you guys doing?
Answer me, Minister Kim!
Aren’t you in charge of this case?
Your Majesty,
we’re working hard to find this guy.
We’ll catch him soon.
Don’t be too concerned.
Don’t be too concerned?
Is that all you have to say?
(Kim Byeongje / Minister, the Conservatives)
Listen to me carefully.
We’ll catch this guy for sure, and find out
who he’s working for, if there’s anyone.
I can promise you this.
Your Majesty, you’re absolutely right,
and I support you.
We’ll do whatever we can to find him.
Please trust us, Your Majesty!
Who’s left now?
Ogyeong Lee Namju is still alive,
but we don’t know his whereabouts.
I’m sorry, Your Majesty!
On the day Hyeonam died,
I sent my men to his place,
but he was already gone.
Find him and protect him.
Catch the shooter as soon as possible.
Yes, Your Majesty!
Remember. This is an attack on me.
Those who want to defeat me are doing this.
I’ll risk my life to find him, Your Majesty!
Please come again.
I’ll see you later.
I haven’t seen you for a long time, sir.
Question everyone!
We have to find even the smallest clue.
No matter how small it may seem,
if it’s related to the gunman, check into it.
Yes, sir!
Don’t worry. I’ll only cut the flowers.
Relax and keep your eyes closed.
If you enjoyed yourselves,
why don’t you pay for her top?
Of course.
Here!
Take it!
What do you think you’re doing?
Did you learn how to use a sword to do this?
What have I done wrong?
At least I’m making money with my sword.
You’ve got to stop this.
If you have nothing more to say,
I’m going to go.
Behave yourself.
Serious crimes happen all the time.
Yes. I know.
I also know that you’ve wasted the entire month
trying to catch that gunman.
Don’t worry about your foolish son,
and catch that criminal, why don’t you?
If you’ll excuse me.
Don’t even think about doing
anything stupid.
He’s way out of your league.
This is...
Take it.
You’re disguised as a man
and have come to me.
I’m assuming you’re up to no good.
Come on.
You don’t know what you’re getting into.
Thank you.
No worries.
It was a pleasure doing business with you, sir.
I’ll see you around, ma’am.
Are you okay?
I’m sorry. Are you hurt?
I didn’t think I hit you that hard.
What a wuss!
I heard that Ogyeong often comes here.
He does, but he wouldn’t at a time like this.
Everybody’s saying that it’s his turn now.
If he ever comes here, can you give this to him?
Okay.
Thank you.
We meet again.
Did I hurt you earlier?
I’m fine.
What are you doing?
I’ve followed you
from gisaeng houses to bookstores.
You’ve gone to places
where a scholar might visit.
You’ve been avoiding the patrol officers.
Who are you
and why are you following me?
I was curious.
What a guy with a gun would do.
Your wrist is slim,
so you can’t be the assassin.
Who the heck are you?
Let go of me.
I guess he’d need someone like you,
to collect information for him.
Take me to the gunman.
I want to meet him.
You’ve got the wrong person.
I don’t think so.
How dare he!
Let me go. Get off of me.
Stop!
I’m Han Jeonghun from the Police Bureau.
What are you waiting for? Arrest them all.
Yes, sir!
(Police Bureau)
Sit down! Sit down!
Hey! Sit down!
Sit down!
Who are they?
This is a conflict between
two groups of peddlers.
They don’t get along.
Why not?
It’s a turf war. Let’s go inside.
You met a spy for the gunman?
Yes. I’ll catch that rat next time for sure.
Don’t bother.
What?
Stay out of it.
What if you meet the real gunman?
You’re supposed to catch him.
I don’t want to die.
I’ll avoid him as long as I can.
He’s using a modern style gun.
It’s different than a matchlock.
It’s hundred times stronger and faster.
Avoid it if you can.
What if I catch him?
Well, I’ll give you Myeongwol.
Is Myeongwol yours?
She’s not. That’s why I’m giving her to you.
What are you doing?
You’re pretty quick.
A modern style gun is slower than you.
I have to go.
Take me to the gunman.
Where are you going?
What have you done now?
I don’t want to talk about it.
You’ve got to stop this.
You’re making me nervous.
When your mother asked me to fetch you,
I didn’t know what to do.
I had to lie through my teeth
to your mother.
Lady Suin, what’s this?
It was given to me.
Who gave it to you?
Hyewon.
You shouldn’t have accepted
that hideous thing.
I got it because I’m scared.
I’m trying to find Master Ogyeong,
and I don’t feel safe.
I feel like that gunman is following me.
That’s why I want you to stop.
Don’t risk your life over a book.
Stop it!
That’s Master Hyeonam’s book.
He left it to me.
I need to give it to him.
I’m just worried.
What if you actually run into that gunman?
Don’t even say that.
I’m scared.
If those reformists take
important government positions,
our people will be kicked out of the palace.
That’s not it.
It’s easy to talk about reform and change.
Who’s going to pay the expenses?
They’re going to ask us, the nobility,
to pay for everything.
We’ve had enough.
You have to make your decision now.
Why don’t we bring his father back...
(Kim Jwayeong) Don’t be too impatient.
Enthroning a new king isn’t hard,
but it’ll take time to tame him.
That’s a hassle that we don’t want.
What are you suggesting?
Give him some time.
Let him learn on his own.
If he sees Ogyeong,
the last person he relies on, die,
he’ll get discouraged.
Anything else?
(Kim Byungjae) His Majesty himself hired Park Jinhan,
as head of the Palace Patrol,
and he’s digging deep into this case.
If we let him do that...
Those guys who we hired will
take care of him.
I told them to get rid of anyone
who gets in the way.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead and have some tea.
How’s your foot?
It’ll take a few days to get better.
Sorry.
You take care of this now.
Yes, sir.
Did you find out where Park Jinhan lives?
Get rid of him first.
Ogyeong is next.
Yes, sir.
(Muwiso) This is it.
This is the only modern gun we have.
We got it from America
during their invasion in 1871.
As you know...
The only thing you have to do is
pulling the trigger.
You don’t have to ignite or
fill the gun powder
like you do with a matchlock.
Even if gets completely wet,
you can still fire it within a few minutes.
To beat this, what do we have to use?
We have nothing in Joseon that can beat this.
You know what happened in 1871.
They fired on us from where our arrows
and matchlocks couldn’t reach.
While 350 of us dies, they only lost 3.
If you run into him again, you have to run.
You’ve been incredibly lucky so far.
Isn’t he coming home today, either?
It’s been over 10 days.
Aren’t you worried about father?
Why should I be? It’s only been 10 days.
While he was guarding the border,
he didn’t come home for 10 months.
Even on the day you and I were born.
He was busy working.
But he’s never done it
since we came to the capital.
I guess he’s got a very important job to do.
There’s a gunman around.
I hope he’s not chasing him.
There.
Look!
What is it?
Guess what it is.
A pot?
It’s an owl.
No way.
It looks like a pot to me.
When an owl folds its wings,
it looks like a pot like this.
Look at this! It has eyes and ears as well.
I want it with its wings spread.
Wings spread?
Look! This is nice.
I said wings spread.
I think he’s home.
Father.
Uh.
How was work?
Good. How was your day?
Good.
Take her inside.
Father.
Yeonha, get inside.
Okay.
So, we finally meet.
Stand back.
That’s him.
Yes, sir.
This is it!
Surround the house.
Yes, sir.
Surround the house!
What’s going on?
Move! We’re with the Palace Patrol.
The guy we were chasing came into this place.
We need to search your premises.
This is the headquarters of Gyeonggi Peddlers
Guild and the house of the head.
You can’t search without permission.
If you stop us, we’ll kill you.
Stop!
Who were you chasing, sir?
A gunman wearing a bamboo hat.
Well...
Will you cooperate?
Of course!
A guy like him isn’t welcome here, either.
Open all the doors in the house.
Open all the big boxes where
a human could hide.
Please go ahead.
He’s not here.
I couldn’t find anything.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I’m glad that I’m off the hook.
Thank you for your cooperation.
No worries.
Thank you for working hard so late at night.
Take care.
Bye.
Don’t be too upset about it.
Let it go.
Sure.
If that’s what you want. I guess I should.
Why don’t you go inside, father?
I think that bastard fooled us and escaped.
Divide into two teams and keep following him.
Check all the roads to the castle gates.
Yes, sir.
You shouldn’t be alone from now on.
I think that bastard is after you now.
Come on out.
Don’t enter this house ever again
even in case of being chased.
If you make the same mistake again,
I’m going to punish you both.
I’m so sorry.
Get out.
They’ve gone far enough.
Do you understand? Pack the essentials.
Yes.
Okay.
You, too.
It’s too dangerous for you to stay here.
I’m staying here.
I’m not running away.
If you don’t go, Yeonha won’t go, either.
Do you think she’ll go without you?
Where on earth are you taking us?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Don’t mention it. You’re always welcome here.
This is Mr. Jeong Hoeryeong, an interpreter,
and his wife.
I’m Park Yungang.
I’m Park Yeonha.
Thank you for taking us in.
You’re such a polite girl.
Make yourself at home.
Your father and I are very close.
I was attacked on my way to Qing while
traveling with envoys and your father,
who was guarding the border,
saved my life.
I’m trying to repay my debt.
Make yourself at home.
Thank you.
Excuse me, but Lady Suin is here.
Okay. Send her in.
My father’s told me a lot about you.
I’m sorry. I was being rude.
You look like someone I know.
How do you know a young man like him?
I guess your son is so handsome
that she must’ve been shocked.
Stop joking.
Suin, why don’t you show him around?
Sorry? Ah, okay.
This is your room.
Yeonha will share my room.
Thank you.
Get some rest.
Excuse me.
What is it?
Have we, by any chance, met before?
I don’t think so.
I’ve never met you before.
You said I looked like someone you know,
and I think I feel the same way.
We might have bumped into
each other on the street.
Right. That must be it. Excuse me.
By the way.
Yes?
Who’s that guy who looks like me?
I’m just curious.
Well...
Never mind. It’s not important.
Actually, I bumped into a scoundrel
a few days ago.
He was so violent and rude
that I don’t even want to even mention it.
When I think of him, I start shaking.
What?
But you’re not him anyway.
Excuse me.
How dare she compare me to a scoundrel?
You seem excited.
What?
He’s so handsome
with tight lips, and penetrating eyes.
I’m sure he’ll attract some girls.
Nonsense.
Why?
He’s not so interested in you?
What? Hey!
Nothing. Get some rest.
Hey! Stop right there!
Mother.
Mother, I don’t dislike him.
Why would I dislike him?
I didn’t do anything.
You didn’t do anything?
As soon as you saw Yungang’s face,
you frowned.
I was so embarrassed in front of his father.
He saved your father’s life.
Don’t do anything
that might make them uncomfortable.
What does she want me to do?
I’m trying hard not to be rude.
Should I flirt with him or something?
Darn it!
Who’s there?
It’s me.
What are you doing hiding there?
I’m not hiding. I was just looking around.
These are the Lady’s Quarters.
You’re not allowed to come in here.
Didn’t you know that?
Well... I was just...
I saw some interesting things here.
If you saw something interesting,
would you barge into my room?
Okay, okay. I’m leaving.
I’m sorry about what happened earlier.
I heard your mother giving you an earful.
Eavesdropping, hiding. What else?
I didn’t mean to,
but I’ll apologize if I offended you.
I didn’t want to cause any inconvenience,
but my father was so adamant.
If you’re done talking, you can leave now.
Okay. Sorry for the inconvenience.
What a temper!
What did I do so terribly wrong?
What?
Nothing. Nothing.
Unbelievable!
Thank you.
I’m so scared and worried.
Do you think father will be okay?
Don’t worry.
He’s the best swordsman in Joseon.
But he’s got a gun.
You saw it yourself.
Yeonha, he’s not only practicing
how to use a sword.
He also practices
how to win in any kind of battle.
He’ll be okay.
You can trust me.
Okay.
That was good.
Are you going out?
Yes, I’m meeting Jeonghun.
Come home early. This isn’t our house.
Don’t bother these people late at night.
Okay.
I see you’ve come back.
Yes.
Has he, by any chance, been in?
He, he hasn’t.
Have you heard about him?
Please?
I heard that someone saw him in Banchon.
I think he’s planning something up there.
Hello.
(Banchon)
Who are you?
(Ogyeong Lee Namju) Why have you been following me?
Hyeongam...
Master Hyeonam.
What did you just say?
I learned from Master Hyeonam.
Don’t lie to me.
I know all of his students.
I’m one of his students. I’m Suin.
I’m the daughter of Jeong Hoeryeong.
Don’t you recognize me?
We’ve seen each other several times.
What are you talking about? You’re a guy.
I’m just dressed like a guy.
Look at me!
You’re right.
You’ve gone through this much trouble
to find me?
I had to, to go where I needed to go.
Where’s the book?
I kept it at my place, just in case.
Please come with me.
He wanted me to give it to you.
The night before he passed away.
Not now. I have a meeting to go to.
Everybody’s waiting for me.
Well...
Come to Angol when the curfew ends
tomorrow.
After you pass the Dongwon Bridge,
there’s a big pine tree.
I’ll meet you there.
Can you meet me there?
Of course, I’ll meet you there.
Thank you.
So you moved to a new place?
Yes,
I’m living in someone else’s house now.
Anyway, I’m glad you’re okay.
How is it living there?
Does the owner have a beautiful daughter?
You’re unbelievable!
What?
No?
His daughter has a terrible temper.
Is she pretty?
I don’t know.
Tell me.
I guess she’s pretty.
How pretty?
Quite.
but she’s got a bad temper.
Don’t judge her by her disposition.
That can change.
What about her face?
That never changes.
That’s why I still recognize you
every time I see you.
You’re being silly. Bottom’s up.
I should visit you.
Was it hard to kill him, even with your gun?
Sorry. I’ll get it done.
No.
He’s a tough one to deal with.
Take care of Ogyeong, first.
I also heard that
Hyeonam was writing a book.
I think he finished it before he died.
I want you to find it.
Yes, sir.
(Hyeonam) Take it.
This is...
I finished it. I want you to read it.
Is it okay for me to read it
before anybody else?
It’s okay.
When you’re done,
pass it on to Master Ogyeong.
I think it’s best
for Master Ogyeong to keep it.
He’s going to serve His Majesty.
Sir, what are you talking about?
Are you planning to go to that gathering?
It’s dangerous.
Two of your friends have already...
Don’t worry.
I don’t think they’ll find out
where the gathering is being held, this time.
But...
If anything happens to me,
I’ve already finished the book.
I have pupils like you.
Please come again.
We’ll see you around.
You’re drunk all the time,
so how come you haven’t been fired, yet?
I guess people think that I have bad breath.
If I were your boss, you’d be in jail.
If I have access to alcohol and women,
I can go anywhere.
You always have something to say.
Stop!
I’m Officer Han Jeonghun
from the Police Bureau.
You’re unbelievable!
It’s late. Go home.
Okay. I’ll see you around.
Okay. Bye.
Darn it.
I guess it’s too early.
Sir.
Sir, we found Master Ogyeong.
Are you sure?
Soldiers who were patrolling the Angol Area
saw Master Ogyeong.
What’s the situation now?
One soldier is with him,
and the other came and reported to me.
That was a silly thing to do.
One soldier can’t protect him.
I’ll go.
Follow me with more soldiers.
Yes, sir.
I’ve been looking for you.
Where’s that bastard?
What are you talking about?
The gunman?
I said I didn’t know him.
Move. It’s not what you think.
What about that gun?
This is just...
Put your gun down
and come with me to the Police Bureau.
If you do that, I might spare your life.
I have nothing to do with him.
If you’re innocent, come with me.
Why can’t you?
I have my own reasons.
I’ll count to three. One!
Don’t. Stay out of it.
It’s dangerous.
Two!
Don’t do anything stupid!
This is a gun. A mere sword can’t beat it.
A mere sword?
Here I come.
Stop.
(Gunman in Joseon)
With a bamboo hat or
with ribbons in your pigtail,
you’re the same person.
I don’t care what you think.
How dare she?
Do you hate me that much?
Don’t touch me.
It’s getting late.
Get your hands off of me.
Hold it tight.
Park Yungang!
How dare he treat me like that?
What are you going to do from now on?
I’ll take care of him myself.
It’s a gun.
A book can change the world.